Oh
hello everyone back by popular demand
are my candle reviews for Bath & Body
Works and today I have to double trouble
so today's reviews are going to be on
the gelato candle and the espresso bar
candle I hope you enjoy so let's start
with gelato Bath & Body Works describes
his scent as a creamy sweet blend of
raspberry and strawberry with an
effervescent sugar spin finish the
perfect Italian indulgence bravo Bravo
and I would have to agree to begin this
scent is part of the Italian collection
if you know anything about Italy you
know it has some really hot guys besides
that fact this candle is gorgeous one
thing I love is a deep waxpool and this
cattle is no exception for that so deep
so gorgeous the wax pool actually came
as a surprise to me because this candle
featured the thinner wicks which last
year meant a dreadful candle but for
some reason I don't know if they've
changed their formula of how they create
a thin wick but it works and I love it
this wax pool is deeper than ever now on
to the scent i classify this scent as
divine gorgeousness I get the tartness
from the strawberry and the raspberry
with a hint of sugar and that's sweet
touch of cream that everyone loves for
the throw I would describe this one as a
lightly scented candle to medium scented
however that makes me love it even more
it's a perfect spring sent to me this
gives my room the perfect amount of sent
for a bright day or a rainy day whatever
I just fall away into Italy and I love
it it's inviting and sweet total
repurchase for me and I recommend it I
absolutely love and then there was
espresso bar did somebody call my drink
order Bath & Body Works describes this
scent as stop and savor the aromas of
roasted espresso beans and sweet vanilla
froth like the Italians who never take
their coffee to go truth be told when I
like this candle up I freak
I'm even home I would take this wherever
I went if I could like gelato the
espresso bar candle is also featured in
the Italian collection and this is the
epitome of Italy anyone can be swept
away in a cafe fantasy with this candle
with dreams of their hot muscular hunk
of a model boyfriend from Italy unlike
gelato this espresso bar candle features
thicker Bath and Body Works wicks and
they work brilliantly as well the deep
waxpool is amazing to me talking about
wicks imagine this going swimming would
you rather dive into deep crystal blue
waters or yucky swamp filled with
crocodiles I choose the crystal blue
waters that's what a deep waxpool is
like for me nevertheless this candle is
nothing but perfection to me I get the
hints of vanilla layered with cream and
coffee and a gorgeous gorgeous undertone
of chocolate bean but that's just me and
as for the throw can I say loves it the
scent lingers and envelops the entire
room it captures the essence of espresso
classy loves it I would repurchase this
and I totally totally recommend it so
those were my reviews loves I definitely
recommend going out and purchasing these
candles for yourself and if you have let
me know how you like it love you all and
I will see you in my next video talk to
you soon bye